c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\TODOList.dll.config
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\TODOList.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\TODOList.pdb
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\obj\Debug\TODOList.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\obj\Debug\TODOList.pdb
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\metalzor\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TODOList\TODOList\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
